#summary A guide on how to get the code up and running for the first time.
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

This section covers the steps required to get the code running in Visual Studio 2K8.

= Quick Note =

The instructions will mirror the setup on the current desktop that the code has been known to run on.  This does not mean that it will not work with a slightly modified configuration (i.e. Windows Vista vs Windows XP or Visual Studio 2K5 instead of VS2K8).


= Requirements =
  * Visual Studio 2008 Express Edition
  * Intel's OpenCV library (v1.0)
  * Silicon Software SDK library (v3.2)
  * Silicon Softwre MicroEnable III (meIII) Frame Grabber
  * Photonfocus MV-D1024-TrackCam ("TrackCam") Camera
  * Photonfocus PFRemote (v2.5)
  * Windows XP SP2
  * Desktop computer with an available PCI slot

= Installation =

== Hardware ==

Install all hardware as directed by the Photonfocus and Silicon Software manuals.

== Software ==

  # Download and install [http://www.microsoft.com/express/vc/Default.aspx#webInstall Visual Studio 2K8]
  # Download and install [http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=22870&package_id=16937 OpenCV]
  # Download and install [http://www.silicon-software.com/download.html#_mE3 meIII Driver and Software]
  # Download and install [http://www.photonfocus.com/html/eng/support/software.php PFRemote]
  # Checkout the [http://code.google.com/p/lims-hsv-system/source/checkout source code]

== Verifying Installation ==
  # Open Moments.sln (this will load the project into VS2K8)
  # Open fcdynamic.h in the "Header Files" folder found in the Solution Explorer side window
  # Make sure there is a line that reads, if not, change (or define) ONLINE to 0 (zero).
{{{
#define ONLINE 0
}}}
  # Open main.cpp in the folder "Source Files" and make sure the following lines read:
{{{
#define TIMING 0
#define RECORDING 0
#define BOUNDING_BOX 128
}}}
  # Press _F5_ (or Debug->Start Debugging) to run the program.  You should see a visual animation of a white cross appearing and disappearing inside a small 128x128 window.  
  # Press the '_h_' key to see instructions on how to use the GUI.  The instructions will appear in the command line window.

Now that you have a fully working installation feel free to modify or exclude main.cpp, time_run.cpp, and display_run.cpp from the Visual Studio project and build your own code.  Modifying other files may lead to unexpected behavior.

= Troubleshooting =
  * *The compiler or linker complains about missing header files or libraries*.  These errors are probably due to custom installation directories, to solve:
    * First, make sure all requirements have been installed properly
    * In VS2K8 edit the following fields in the Property Pages (_ALT+F7_) to reflect the actual directories on your system:
|| Configuration Property || Sub Property || Field || Value ||
|| C/C++ || General || Additional Include Directories || "C:\Program Files\SiliconSoftware3.2\include";"C:\Program Files\OpenCV\cv\include";"C:\Program Files\OpenCV\cvaux\include";"C:\Program Files\OpenCV\otherlibs\highgui";"C:\Program Files\OpenCV\cvcore\include";"C:\Program Files\OpenCV\cxcore\include" ||
|| Linker || General || Additional Library Directories || "C:\Program Files\OpenCV\lib";"C:\Program Files\SiliconSoftware3.2\lib\visualc" ||
|| Linker || Input || Additional Dependencies || cv.lib cvcam.lib highgui.lib cxcore.lib cvaux.lib fglib3.1.lib display_lib.lib fastconfig.lib clsersisome3.lib clserme3.lib ||
|| Linker || Input || Ignore Specific Library || libmmdd.lib ||